Publish Unit 0, Unit 1 and Bonus Unit 1 (#99)
huggingface/deep-rl-class: units/en/unitbonus2/introduction.mdx

# Introduction [[introduction]]

One of the most critical task in Deep Reinforcement Learning is to **find a good set of training hyperparameters**.

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/optuna/optuna/master/docs/image/optuna-logo.png" alt="Optuna Logo"/>

> [Optuna](https://optuna.org/) is a library that helps you to automate the search. In this Unit, we'll study a **little bit of the theory behind automatic hyperparameter tuning**. We'll then try to optimize the last unit DQN's parameters manually and then **see how to automate the search using Optuna**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Optuna](https://optuna.org/) is a library that helps you to automate the search. In this Unit, we'll study a **little bit of the theory behind automatic hyperparameter tuning**. We'll first try to optimize the parameters of the DQN studied in the last unit manually. We'll then **learn how to automate the search using Optuna**.
```
